# hello-world
Intro to JSGS 867

The policy analysis movement, now past its 65th year, is builted on the assmption that policy responses and interventions should be better postioned to address public prblems if they are based on the best available edivance, rather than decisions based on anecdode, informail beliefs, inaccurat data, or partil data. During its history, policy analysis has usually relied on data collected at discrete intervals along the policy cycle, from problem identification through evaluation. Policy analytics, in contrast, represents the combination of new ubiquitous and continuous data sources – e.g., from Internet search and social media, to mobile smartphones, Internet of Everything (IoE) devices, web interaction logs, financial transactions and electronic payment card usage, and sensors – with new “big data” analytics techniques for informing and directing public policy. In addition to this revised method for informing decision making, policy analytics also offers the possibility of small scale experimental policy interventions that can be piloted, with their effects precisely observed in realtime using some of the same tools used for data collection. This data + analytics + experimental approach is changing the traditional practice of policy analysis. The core argument that this course advances is that policy analytics represents an adapted form of policy analysis, possibly representing an increasingly used approach. To prepare for this future, policy analysts and public sector managers need to become literate in big data sources and analytical tools. In response, this course offers a hands-on introduction to the language, techniques, and tools related to the emerging field of policy analytics, supplemented with consideration of emergent examples, potential applications, and implementation issues. 

Think of this course as a 13-week boot camp for getting started on your policy analytics journey. This course will not make you a “data analyst” in one semester. But it can make you a better policy analyst and manager in this emerging era of policy analytics - to provide you with the tools to ask intelligent questions of a policy analytic system, and to be an informed consumer of policy analytic investments and outputs. Along the way, you may find topics and approaches you want to explore in greater depth on your own, and links to resources will support that.
